alright guys welcome back video number
three now showing me we're going to do a
take-off roll in the ifly 737 home
cockpit builders edition just to give
you an idea I'll smooth these gauges run
now as you can see I am out ed windowed
mode now doing my standard view that I
do because I don't need any gauges I
don't need a virtual cockpit nothing
like that you see the weather is still
horrible and what's our frame rates 45
between 40 and 50 that's pretty good
especially when there's all this clouds
rain my stuff going on so you'll have to
forgive me my takeoff is a horrible
because I'm trying to hold the camera
and do this all at the same time I'll
try and show you guys and it's a it's
not very easy let me tell you so here we
go we'll go ahead and release the brakes
bringing throttles up roughly forty
percent sorry it's shaky guys stabilize
and go back here we'll go ahead and hit
our toga switch and rolling lap by the
way set of five auto brakes RTO and
we're going now yeah there's the speed
you can see the gauge is very very very
very very very smooth extremely smooth
still running down there we go and down
coming up on V 1 V 1 now and rotating 10
degrees pitch on 12 we got vertical rate
of speed and pull have controls buller
gear up here's going up red lights on
and we are now climbing get up to 800
feet
again really really smooth and now one
thing I must point out go ahead and hit
a little change down the absence one on
our naf departure one thing I must must
must must must point out if you are
downloading large files or watching
Netflix or doing any of that stuff on
your computers then you are going to be
a little sad or what happens to these
gauges because of course this is running
off your network and if you are
downloading then it's going to slow down
your speed a bit get the flaps up
because now we're it by the web speed
and marked BNF
and we're climbing out this is the stop
for departure and Las Vegas zoom out a
little bit more now and there you go
turn lemon out
and really really smooth in once again I
can still do all this well this is all
happening doesn't affect the gauge
whatsoever everything stays the same no
lag no nothing
and we're still climbing nicely through
the clouds what's our performance
looking like still in the 50s there we
go so as you can see there's some added
benefits to which you can accomplish
with this you can run your gauges as
large as you want and it will not affect
the performance of your fsx machine now
one thing to note you can run as many
clients as you want I only have one
machine right now running a client but
once i have my lower eks monitor back i
will have two machines running clients
and if you have say another machine that
you like to run maybe a touch screen CDU
you can run that as well and in fact
let's give you a little demonstration of
that I'm going to go ahead and pause the
video now and then bring it back and a
little friend of mine that I like to
keep in my living room so I will be
right back with you